Okay.
So the next component that I want to target is going to be Action Button.
So let's open up that component file in action button view and let's go through the usual protocol to
update this component to use TypeScript.
Right here, I'm going to add the lagging attribute and set it to press.
And right here I'm going to import, define component and I'm going to wrap my entire object right here
in a defined component of function call.
And we're going to see some new errors right here.
All right.
So we have two violations here.
The first one is coming from this value, a check right here.
As a reminder, this is where we set up our prop type checking.
So that view in the browser console validates that we're getting a prop of the right type.
So this is something very similar to what TypeScript does for us, but this is specifically for Vue
sake in the browser.
So the syntax is different, but in a way it's kind of serving the same purpose as Type four does.
So here we're specifying that we're actually going to have a prop call type that is going to be of type
string.
Now, the problem is here, when we define this validator method, if I hover my mouse over value,
the problem is TypeScript does not understand what value is going to be.
We know that value is going to be the actual value of the type prop that is flowing in and that is going
to be a string of either primary or secondary, depending on what the parent component provides when
it renders action button.
And here what we're validating is that string must be either primary or secondary in order for this
validation check to pass.
So for our sake, we can tell TypeScript right here that we know value is going to be a string.
And you can see the violation is going to go away.
So you might be curious, how come TypeScript was not able to figure out that the value is a string?
Even though we said the type is a string right here.
Remember, this kind of validation is Vue specific.
It is specific object structure that is that Vue knows how to deal with.
But TypeScript is a totally separate, independent language.
It's not a part of you.
It's a totally separate language.
You can use TypeScript in regular JavaScript projects.
You can use it with Vue projects, with React projects, with Angular projects.
So just because Vue understands that its own prop validation object will have a type property set to
a string, TypeScript doesn't understand that this line means that the validator value right here will
be a string as well.
We have to connect the lines between Vue and TypeScript because they're not always going to connect
perfectly.
They're two totally separate independent projects developed by two separate independent teams.
So as much as we're going to that, we're going to try to make them work with each other and hope that
they many times do.
Other times, as we saw, the differences are not going to be perfect or are not going to be correct,
and it's up to us to correct them.
So we also have another issue here, this type not being properly recognized.
And unfortunately, when I hover my mouse over this, we're going to see an absolutely frightening description
here.
Property type does not exist on this type, which is some kind of really complex type declaration using
two rafts right here.
I'm guessing that's the starter interface right here.
So what I did here is I basically Googled for this type of error, basically to structuring a property
off of reactive props where a reactive object passed to the two Raf's function and having TypeScript
have problems with it.
And on one StackOverflow page I found and I'll provide a link to that as a resource to this lesson.
A simple solution I found, and I'm not exactly sure why it works, but a simple solution I found was
to turn the validator function right here into a arrow function, and the syntax for that looks like
this.
Instead of providing this parameter list directly after the validator name, what you do is you provide
a colon right here, and then we have to provide our arrow function syntax after our parameter list,
which is of course the arrow syntax right here with the equals sign and the greater sign.
And as soon as I added that for some reason that made the logic here be understood better by TypeScript.
I honestly don't know what the issue is here.
I wish I could be a perfect teacher and explain this to you.
But I also got to be honest, when I have no clue what's going on, I simply found a solution and I
used it and it works.
All right.
So remember, props is going to be a reactive object as it flows in, but it's individual properties
are not reactive, which is why we pass it into two refs to make it a object with reactive properties.
So when we do structure type, it's not just the original string, it's a reactive object dealing with
a string or holding a string.
That's why we have to access type that value here.
And I'm guessing somewhere in that complexity of having everything wrapped in a reactive object somewhere,
TypeScript got confused.
All right.
But that solves the problem for us.
And of course, the only other thing left to do is to update the corresponding test suite.
So we're going to head to action button.
That test is right here.
Let's go ahead.
And as always, change this file to have a Dot's extension.
It is now a TypeScript file.
We're going to see a familiar error, which is that we need to add a dot view extension right here,
save that.
And as I scroll down, it doesn't look like anything else is creating a problem.
So I can run NPM, run test, colon, watch and I am as a reminder, making a git commit at the end
of every lesson.
So my test watch command will only run the files that have changed or related to files that have changed.
So here we can see we are going to run the tests for action button.
And I'm guessing for these two test files, those are files that are also utilizing the action button
component in some way.
So with that you can see everything is still passing.
So everything is looking at all right.
So that's all there is to cover in this one.
So I will see you in the next lesson.